Add yarn.apps.<METRIC>_gauge metrics (#3927)
DataDog/integrations-core: yarn/README.md

* Per-application metrics (e.g. app progress, elapsed running time, running containers, memory use, etc.)
* Node metrics (e.g. available vCores, time of last health update, etc/)

### Deprecation notice

> `yarn.apps.<METRIC>` metrics have been deprecated in favour of `yarn.apps.<METRIC>_gauge` metrics. This is because `yarn.apps` metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`yarn.apps.<METRIC>` metrics have been deprecated in favor of `yarn.apps.<METRIC>_gauge` metrics, because `yarn.apps` metrics are incorrectly reported as a `RATE` instead of a `GAUGE`.
```

> `yarn.apps.<METRIC>` metrics have been deprecated in favour of `yarn.apps.<METRIC>_gauge` metrics. This is because `yarn.apps` metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`yarn.apps.<METRIC>` metrics have been deprecated in favor of `yarn.apps.<METRIC>_gauge` metrics, because `yarn.apps` metrics are incorrectly reported as a `RATE` instead of a `GAUGE`.
```

> are incorrectly reported as a `RATE` instead of a `GAUGE`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Duplicate sentence.
